World War II started when Germany invaded which country?
Which of these locations was never under Ottoman rule?
Which Roman emperor is rumored to have wanted to appoint his horse, Incitatus, consul?
This ruler imprisoned his father, killed his brothers, and took the throne for himself.
Which empire was the first well organized in this subcontinent?
Which party won the majority of seats in West Pakistan in 1970 election?
Which district of Bangladesh was part of Assam?
A split occurred in Islam after Muhammad's (PBUH) death because of disagreement over...
The United States bought Alaska from which country?
Who was the world’s first woman Prime Minister?
Thanks to its overseas territories, which country technically spans 12 time zones?
Which continent is home to the most countries?
Thanks to the tombs built by the ancient kingdom of Kush, which country is home to—by far—the most pyramids in the world?
With an average altitude of 1.56 miles, what is the highest continent?
Which mountainous kingdom of south-central Asia is locally known as Druk-Yul?
Which Indian state doesn't share a border with Bangladesh?
The largest division in Bangladesh is-
Which river flows through the rainforests of Brazil?
What do you call the piece of land surrounded by water on three sides?
On which continent would you find the Andes mountains?
Oil, natural gas and coal are examples of …
What is the main cause of seasons on the Earth?
Brass gets discoloured in air because of the presence of which of the following gases in air?
Which of the following is a non-metal that remains liquid at room temperature?
The hardest substance available on earth is
What is the nearest planet to the Sgun?
What is the rarest blood type?
How long does a human red blood cell survive?
Diabetes develops as the result of a problem with which specific organ in the body?
What is a Geiger Counter used to measure?
What player was the first to win five straight Wimbledon tennis titles?
Against which team did Brian Lara score 501 not out, still the record for the highest individual score in a first-class match?
Which batsman holds the embarrassing distinction of being run-out most often in ODI cricket?
Only batter to be dismissed to be dismissed in two dubious ways - Obstructing the field and Handled the ball?
How many individual centuries have been scored in World Cup finals so far?
When was Bangladesh made an associate member of the ICC?
How high is a full-size goal post?
The 2026 World Cup will be hosted across three different countries. They are-
Who has the Highest Number of Gold Medals in Olympic History?
Who Won the Most Ballon d’Or Award?